# infoarticleeducation
In today’s market, it’s more important than ever to have a team solely dedicated to understanding market and buyer needs and using that knowledge to ensure your company executes compelling marketing and sales strategies.  That’s why it’s crucial for you to define and incorporate a Product Marketing role into your organization.  Product Marketing is a part of overall Product Management, but with the primary goal of understanding the market and buyer (their needs,  alternatives, buying process, etc.) in relation to the company’s products and services.  Along with developing an understanding of the buyer, Product Marketing needs to utilize knowledge of the market, product, product strategy, and competition to enable the Sales &amp; Marketing team  From a deliverable s perspective, what this usually means is developing documents defining positioning, messaging,  competitive differentiation, and go-to-market strategy, and ensuring Senior Management is aligned with these.  On a more tactical level, Product Marketing is also usually tasked with working with internal teams to ensure readiness and conducting  successful product launches. This includes sales and marketing enablement — i.e. training and educating these teams on the go-to-market,  positioning, messaging, differentiation, etc. And finally, particularly in smaller companies, Product Marketing often creates data sheets, white papers, web site copy, and other collateral.  I can’t reiterate enough, however, that although this collateral and some of the tactical activities may be the most visible deliverables  Product Marketing produces, they are not the primary focus. The strategic work — positioning, messaging, understanding the buyer and  market dynamics etc. — is the foundation for virtually all other activities  Learn more by joining Digital Marketing Institute
